today that they're gonna retire Jerry
Rice's Jersey the number 80 Jersey at
the home opener against the stats on
Monday night Jerry Rice Hall of Famer
see the greatest receiver of all time
no he's not and I make it a smaller and
people just get outraged at me okay I
will take Michael Irvin over Jerry Rice
any Sunday and I watch both of them a
whole lot I covered both of them that's
a home look all what you saw was I Homer
when I covered Jerry Rice well maybe
Michael Logan poured champagne over your
head and you like that in those math I
never even talked to Michael Irvin when
he played for the Dallas Cowboys but
look here's the point Michael Irvin was
the leader of three Super Bowl champs
Michael Irvin was the big plate maker
for that team that was a very simple
offensive team when in doubt they just
threw it to 88
that's all they did and the player that
I would once want most one in my foxhole
in a cold weather game and Washington or
Philadelphia or leader gets the Giants
in the Meadowlands is Michael Irvin it
always was Jerry Rice was the greatest
cog in NFL history but he just he caught
lots of passes he rarely caught the pass
he was not the leader of that team he
was a follower on that team and Rob my
point is that he played in in such a
receiver friendly West Coast Bill Walsh
off his loyal no badge is safe because
all the guys have played in that system
as well and didn't put up those kind of
numbers good night but what a hug me lad
was a touchdown yeah Michael Irvin
didn't play in a West Coast they were
just I formation handed to him it or
throw it to Michael and and trust me
he's beating double coverage you do know
he's pushed off and he did this he I
don't care he won a lot of football
games for a dynasty
that's fine I just think also you can't
discount I don't care what system had
said it's the same thing when people try
to discount and in the Smith oh we're
the great offensive law and that's why I
said no he was a great running back give
him credit because that's what was in
front of him he had to play with that
okay and in this case Jerry Rice happen
to have the best quarterback greatest
quarterback I ever saw play okay point
again
but he just happened to have gone I
don't count that I can't discount that
stuff it just so happens but he excelled
he didn't lose the NFL and do it I mean
receptions yards touchdown this isn't
some guy who got lucky and made one or
two catching his career and I said Oh
Jerry Rice you remember that too those
two catches he made and his career know
this guy his body of work is as good as
thorough championships it wasn't
meaningless games he caught big
touchdowns this guy was the best
receiver I was a number now before you
hands down Montana and to certain extent
Bill Walsh made Jerry Rice Michael Irvin
made Troy Aikman a hall-of-famer trust
me on that I don't know if I how about
the other way around Jerry Rice help to
make Montana I love Jerry Rice I love
him oh you don't like that's gonna do it
for our topic here we've got a little
more doughnut story Tony